WIP!: feat: Add support for ESM generation in openapi generator (#4883)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/five-carrots-whisper.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/openapi-generator': minor
'@sap-cloud-sdk/generator-common': minor
---

> [New Functionality] Add support for ESM in OpenAPI generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[New Functionality] Introduce option `generateESM` in OpenAPI generator to generate ESM compatible code
```

[pp]
